CPFB | About Retirement Payout Planner
Scheduled maintenance:
CPF digital services are unavailable on 7 Jun 2026, from 12am to 8am. We apologise for the inconvenience caused.
Your session is about to time out.
You have been inactive for a while. Would you like to log out or continue?
Log out
Continue
We recommend viewing this page in the CPF Mobile app. Download the app?
Download
Continue with browser
Your page is loading.
One moment please.
A personal CPF retirement plan that takes only minutes
Create a personalised plan to help you achieve your retirement income goals.
Facebook
Telegram
WhatsApp
Email
LinkedIn
X
A clear financial plan makes for a meaningful retirement with your loved ones.
Ever wondered how much your CPF savings can support you in having a purposeful retirement? Try the Retirement Payout Planner to project your CPF payouts and make the most of CPF to meet your goal.
Start planning today
https://www.cpf.gov.sg/member/tools-and-services/planners/cpf-planner-retirement-income
false
Why plan?
3 powerful reasons why you should use our planner
It's easy
We walk you through the process of creating a holistic retirement plan that takes all the important things into account: your income, CPF balances, and interest rates.
false
Make better financial decisions
By working out how your CPF savings will contribute to your retirement income, you can plan whether you need to top up your savings, and whether you should consider other sources of retirement income.
false
Plan for a retirement that meets your needs
A good retirement plan helps you consider today's needs as well as those of tomorrow. Strike a balance between enjoying the present and saving for the future.
false
Planner Features
Take the guesswork out of your retirement income planning
Show all
Clear goal-setting
We walk you through how to set concrete retirement income goals in terms of how much you wish to receive in a month.
false
Work out your future expenses
Use our retirement income guide to estimate how much money you need every month when you retire.
false
Secure personalisation
Use actual numbers for your salary and CPF balances without worrying about passing personal data to 3
rd
parties.
false
Get suggestions
If there's a gap between your retirement income goals and your projected savings, we give you suggestions for how much to top up.
false
Track your progress
We save and track your goals for you. Come back later and see how changes in your salary and balances have affected progress toward your goals.
false
Let us help you plan your retirement income
Planning is easy if you do it regularly
Your CPF savings are a big part of your retirement income. Make the Retirement Payout Planner a part of your regular financial planning.
Start planning
https://www.cpf.gov.sg/member/tools-and-services/planners/cpf-planner-retirement-income
false