CPFB | Top up Ordinary, Special and MediSave savings
Scheduled maintenance:
CPF digital services are unavailable on 7 Jun 2026, from 12am to 8am. We apologise for the inconvenience caused.
Your session is about to time out.
You have been inactive for a while. Would you like to log out or continue?
Log out
Continue
We recommend viewing this page in the CPF Mobile app. Download the app?
Download
Continue with browser
Your page is loading.
One moment please.
Saving more with CPF
Top up to your 3 CPF accounts to build your savings
Build up your CPF savings by making voluntary contributions to all your 3 CPF accounts (Ordinary Account, Special Account or Retirement Account, MediSave Account).
Facebook
Telegram
WhatsApp
Email
LinkedIn
X
Notice
Our CPF hotlines are temporarily unavailable due to technical difficulties related to Singtel. We apologise for any inconvenience caused. For urgent assistance, please reach us through our
Text Us
service, and we will respond as soon as we can.
Benefits
Things to note
Payment
FAQs
Benefits
Things to note
Payment
FAQs
Benefits
Why make top-ups to your 3 CPF accounts?
1
Grow your CPF savings
Making regular top-ups help build CPF savings for your retirement, housing and healthcare needs. The earlier you start, the more savings you can build.
false
2
Tax relief for self-employed persons
You can qualify for tax relief, subject to certain
criteria
.
false
Things to note
Things to note when making top-ups to your 3 CPF accounts
Eligibility
To make cash top-ups to yourself or on another person's behalf,  you must be:
A Singapore Citizen or Permanent Resident
Aged 16 or older
false
Refer to the table below to check your eligibility for tax relief.
Table with Wider First Column
Top-up to self
Top-up to Others
Scenarios
(1)
You are not a self-employed person
(2)
You are a Self-employed person.
(3)
You are the Giver
(4)
You are the Recipient
Eligibility for tax relief
Not eligible
Eligible subject to
qualifying criteria.
Not eligible
Only self-employed persons are eligible, subject to
qualifying criteria.
Top-up limits
Top-ups cannot exceed the CPF Annual Limit of $37,740, which includes your mandatory CPF contributions for the calendar year.
Top-ups in excess of the recipient’s Annual Limit will be refunded in the following year.
Before topping up, project your expected mandatory contributions for the rest of the year and consider if these will crowd out the voluntary top-ups made to your 3 CPF accounts, resulting in excess contributions.
When you make a cash top-up online, you will be shown the amount of top-up you can receive before you reach the top-up limit.
If you are making a top-up on another person’s behalf, please check with your recipient directly on the amount he can receive.
false
If you are self-employed
The amount allocated to your MediSave Account from your voluntary top-ups will be used to offset your MediSave payable and meet the MediSave requirement for Workfare Income Supplement.
For details, read more about the
Self-Employed Scheme
.
false
Top-ups are irreversible
Cash top-ups to your 3 CPF accounts are irreversible.
You can
find out
more on which voluntary top-up is applicable to you before you make a top-up.
false
Payment
How to make a cash top-up
Use PayNow
Top up to your 3 CPF accounts (Ordinary Account, Special Account or Retirement Account, MediSave Account) today.
Make a top-up now
Reminder
Please ensure your top-up payments are within your payment limits with your bank.
false
FAQs
Common questions
Can I voluntarily top-up to my Ordinary Account only?
View all
https://www.cpf.gov.sg/service/sub-categories?category=P_M_GYS
false