CPFB | Careers
Scheduled maintenance:
CPF digital services are unavailable on 7 Jun 2026, from 12am to 8am. We apologise for the inconvenience caused.
Your session is about to time out.
You have been inactive for a while. Would you like to log out or continue?
Log out
Continue
We recommend viewing this page in the CPF Mobile app. Download the app?
Download
Continue with browser
Your page is loading.
One moment please.
Your next job could enrich 4 million lives
Are you passionate about pursuing excellence and keen to make a positive impact through innovation? We are looking for people like you – whether you are a fresh graduate, or someone with experience seeking to find purpose in your career and enrich the lives of Singaporeans.
Facebook
Telegram
WhatsApp
Email
LinkedIn
X
Be part of an organisation that’s recognised for the work we do for our employees and community.
SG Enable
2023
Enabling Mark (Gold) Award
The Straits Times' Best Employers
2025
Singapore's Top 250 Employers
GradSingapore
2025
Singapore’s 100 Leading Graduate Employers
Your chance to shine
CPFB Academy provides you with quality training to ensure you succeed in your career with us. From the School of Leadership Development to the School of Technology, CPFB Academy has various schools of management disciplines to help you acquire skillsets which are pivotal in developing you for an enriching and rewarding journey with us.
At CPFB, we keep the bar high.
false
Your needs are well cared for
We understand the importance of family and your well-being. Whether it’s spending time with your loved ones or looking after your health, our employee benefits will support what you care about:
Comprehensive rewards package
Annual leave and pro-family leave
Medical and dental benefits
Hybrid working environment
Flexible dress code
false
Your career choice matters
At CPFB, we strongly encourage our officers to take charge of their career growth and aspirations by exploring internal job postings. There are also ample opportunities for staff to participate in cross-functional project work.
CPF Schemes Delivery
false
Oversee CPF accounts and help members access their savings for approved uses to meet their retirement, healthcare and other needs.
Policy and Corporate Development
false
Design policies based on data-driven research and business intelligence. Provide expertise in communications, strategic planning, audit, legal and more.
Infocomm Technology
false
Provide innovative technology solutions to serve our members. We have the largest pool of in-house IT operations support among statutory boards.
Customer Service
false
Assist members through personalised services to make informed choices in optimising their CPF savings.
Agency Services
false
Collaborate with government agencies to implement national schemes such as GST Voucher to benefit citizens.
Enforcement
false
Work with employers to ensure our CPF members receive accurate and timely CPF contributions.
Available Opportunities
Your rewarding career path starts here
You can play a vital role in helping Singaporeans save for a secure retirement. Whether you are a digital ninja, a natural wordsmith or a people person, you can put your talents to good use at CPFB.
false
View the job roles available and apply now!
Management Associate Programme (MAP)
Do you have what it takes to be a leader? Find out how you can develop your leadership qualities through different development opportunities and structured rotations with MAP.
/content/web/sg/en/member/who-we-are/careers/map.html
false
Find out more
NextGen Programme
Are you a tech enthusiast eager to turn "byte"-sized ideas into a lasting impact on the lives of more than 4 million Singaporeans?
If so, you're the "code" to our success!
/content/web/sg/en/member/who-we-are/careers/nextgen.html
false
Find out more
Internship Programme
Ready to get your hands dirty in exchange for a fulfilling and progressive internship journey? If you say 'Yes', then you are the one we are looking for!
/content/web/sg/en/member/who-we-are/careers/internship.html
false
Find out more
Need more information?
Follow us on
LinkedIn
for the latest updates and job opportunities or email us at
hr@cpf.gov.sg
today!