CPFB | Terms of use
Scheduled maintenance:
CPF digital services are unavailable on 7 Jun 2026, from 12am to 8am. We apologise for the inconvenience caused.
Your session is about to time out.
You have been inactive for a while. Would you like to log out or continue?
Log out
Continue
We recommend viewing this page in the CPF Mobile app. Download the app?
Download
Continue with browser
Your page is loading.
One moment please.
Terms of use
By accessing the CPF Board website, you acknowledge the following Terms of use.
Facebook
Telegram
WhatsApp
Email
LinkedIn
X
Quick Links:
General
|
Proprietar‚Äãy Rights
|
Priva‚Äãcy Policy
|
Restrictions on Use of Information and Materials
|
Disclaimer
|
Indemnity
|
Right of Access
|
Hyperlinks to Third Party Sites
|
Hyperlinks to This Website from Third Party Websites
|
Receipts
|
Refunds
|
Rollbacks
|
Additional Terms
|
Governing Law
|
PayNow Service
Thank you for visiting
cpf.gov.sg
(hereinafter the ‚ÄúWebsite‚Äù).
‚Äã‚Äã‚Äã‚Äã‚Äã‚Äã‚Äã‚ÄãGe‚Äãneral
PLEASE READ‚Äã‚Äã THESE TERMS OF USE CAREFULLY. By accessing the Website, any pages thereof and / or by using the online services, you agree to be legally bound by these Terms of Use. If you do not agree to the Terms of Use below, do not access this Website, or any of the pages or and / or use the online services.
In case of any violation of these Terms of Use, CPFB reserves the right to seek all remedies available by law and in equity for such violations. These Terms of Use apply to all visits to this Website, both now and in the future.
CPFB reserves the right to change these Terms of Use from time to time at its sole discretion. All changes will be posted on this page, and your use of this Website after such changes have been posted will constitute your agreement to the modified Terms of Use and all of the changes. You should therefore read this page carefully each time you visit this Website.
‚Äã‚Äã‚Äã‚Äã‚Äã‚Äã‚Äã‚Äã‚Äã‚Äã‚Äã‚Äã‚Äã‚Äã‚Äã‚Äã‚Äã‚Äã‚Äã‚ÄãP‚Äã‚Äãroprietary Rights‚Äã
‚Äã‚Äã‚ÄãThis Website is the official Central ‚ÄãProvident Fund B‚Äãoard website. It is owned and operated by the Central Provident Fund Board (hereinafter "CPFB"). CPFB reserves the right to update or modify this Website from time to time.‚Äã
The materials located on this Website, including but not limited to the information, text, images, photographs, video, graphics as well as any software programs available on or through this Website ("the Contents"), are protected by copyright, trademark and other forms of proprietary rights. All rights, title and interest in the Contents are owned by, licensed to or controlled by CPFB.
No licence or right is granted to you and your access to this Website and/or use of the online tools and services should not be construed as granting, by implication, estoppel or otherwise, any licence or right to use any of the Contents without ‚Äãthe prior written consent of CPFB or the relevant third party owner of the proprietary right thereof.
‚Äã‚Äã‚Äã‚Äã‚Äã‚Äã‚Äã‚ÄãPrivacy‚Äã Policy‚Äã
Click here to review this Website‚Äôs
Privacy Policy
.
‚Äã‚Äã‚Äã‚Äã‚Äã‚Äã‚Äã‚Äã‚ÄãRestrictio‚Äãns on‚Äã‚Äã‚Äã Use ‚Äãof Information and Materials‚Äã
Except as otherwise provided, the Contents of this Website shall not be reproduced, republished, uploaded, posted, transmitted, distributed, stored, adapted, displayed, altered or otherwise used in whole or in part in any manner, without the prior written consent of CPFB.
You may use, copy and distribute the Contents found on this Website solely for personal, internal, non-commercial and/or informational purposes only. You may download one copy of any information provided on this Website onto a computer for your own personal and non-commercial use provided that you keep intact all accompanying copyright and other proprietary notices. You must not display, distribute or otherwise use any of the Contents found on this Website for any commercial purpose unless you receive specific prior written consent from CPFB.
Modification of any of the Contents or use of the Contents for any other purpose will be a violation of CPFB's copyright and other intellectual property rights. Graphics and images on this Website are protected by copyright and may not be reproduced or appropriated in any manner without the prior written consent of their respective copyright owners.
The design and layout of this Website is protected by intellectual property and other laws and may not be copied or imitated in whole or in part. No logo, graphic, sound, image or search engine from this Website may be copied or transmitted for commercial purpose (including where the commercial aspect forms only part of the purpose) unless you receive prior written consent from CPFB.
‚ÄãDisclaimer‚Äã
The Contents of this Website are provided on an "as is" and ‚Äúas available‚Äù basis without warranties of any kind, and are of a general nature. The Contents are made available for your general information only. While every effort is made to ensure that the Contents herein are consistent with existing law and practice, you are advised to refer to the relevant legislation to be certain of your legal entitlements and obligations and should seek professional advice at all times before making any decision based on any such information or materials. Neither CPFB nor any third party content providers is responsible for any errors or omissions, or for the results obtained from the use of the information and material in this Website or the tools contained in this Website.
‚Äã
Neither CPFB nor any third party content providers warrants:
the truth, accuracy, adequacy, reliability, completeness, reasonableness, currency or timeliness, of the Contents contained in or accessed through this Website and expressly disclaims liability for any errors in or omissions from, the Contents of the Website; and
that the Contents available through this Website or any functions associated therewith will be uninterrupted or error-free, or that defects will be corrected or that this Website and the server is and will be free of all viruses and/or other malicious, destructive or corrupting code, programme or macro.‚Äã
No warranty of any kind, express, implied or statutory (including but not limited to, warranties of title, merchantability, satisfactory quality, non-infringement of third-party intellectual property rights, fitness for a particular purpose and freedom from computer virus), is given in conjunction with the Contents of this Website, the tools contained in this Website or this Website in general.
In no event shall CPFB or any third party content providers be liable for damages, expenses, costs or loss of any kind (including without limitation, any direct, or indirect, special, incidental or consequential damages, loss of profits or loss of opportunity) howsoever caused as a result (direct or indirect) of, or in connection with, your use of this Website, or reliance on any information, materials, tools or online services provided in or available from this Website, regardless of the form of action.
Under no circumstances shall CPFB or any third party content providers be liable for any failure of performance, system, server or connection failure, interruption, defect, error, omission, delay in operation or transmission, breach of security, malicious code, computer virus or inability or unavailability to use or access in connection with your accessing this Website, tools, and / or online services even if CPFB or the third party content providers had been advised as to the possibility of the above.‚Äã
‚ÄãIndemnity
16A.¬ÝYou hereby agree to indemnify CPFB and hold CPFB harmless from and against any and all claims, losses, damages, liabilities, costs and expenses (including but not limited to legal costs and expenses on a full indemnity basis) made against or suffered or incurred by CPFB arising directly or indirectly out of:
your access to or use of this Website (including any tools, online services or Contents provided in or available from this Website), and any claim made by a third party in connection with your access or use; or
your breach of any of these Terms of Use, and any claim made by a third party in connection with your breach of these Terms of Use.
‚Äã‚Äã‚ÄãRight of‚Äã Access‚Äã
CPFB reserves all rights to deny or restrict access to this Website to any particular person, or to block access from a particular Internet address to this Website, at any time, without having to give any reason or prior notice thereof.‚Äã
You agree that you will not:
use any robot, spider, other automatic device, or manual process to monitor or copy any pages other than for non-commercial purpose within this Website or the Contents without CPFB's prior written permission;
use any device, software or routine to interfere or attempt to interfere with the proper working of this Website; and / or
take any action that imposes an unreasonable or disproportionately large load on CPFB's servers.
Hyperlinks to Third Party Sites
Website contains hyperlinks to websites which are not maintained nor controlled by CPFB. CPFB shall not be responsible for the contents of those websites and shall not be liable for any damages or loss arising from access to those websites. Use of the hyperlinks and access to such websites are entirely at your own risk.‚Äã
All hyperlinks to other websites are provided as a convenience to you as a user of this Website. The inclusion of any hyperlink does not imply endorsement by CPFB of such websites. In no circumstances shall CPFB be considered to be associated or affiliated in whatever manner with any trade or service marks, logos, insignia or other devices used or appearing on websites to which this Website is linked.
‚Äã‚Äã‚ÄãHyperlinks to This Website fro‚Äã‚Äã‚Äãm Other Websites‚Äã‚Äã
Except as set forth below, caching and links to, and the framing of this Website or any of the Contents are prohibited.‚Äã‚Äã‚Äã
Linking to the Homepage: You may link to the Homepage of this Website, upon notifying CPFB in writing.‚Äã
Hyperlinking to an internal page of this Website: You must make a specific request for, and secure permission from CPFB prior to hyperlinking to, or framing, this Website or any of the Contents, or engaging in similar activities. CPFB reserves the right to impose conditions when permitting any hyperlinking to, or framing of this Website or any of the Contents.‚Äã
Your linking to, or your framing of this Website or any of the Contents constitute acceptance of these Terms of Use. This is deemed to be the case even after the posting of any changes or modifications to these Terms of Use. If you do not accept these Terms of Use, you must discontinue linking to, or framing of this Website or any of the Contents.
Under no circumstances shall CPFB be considered to be associated or affiliated in any manner with any trade or service marks, logos, insignia or other devices used or appearing on websites that link to this Website or any of the Contents.
CPFB reserves all rights to disable any links to, or frames of any site containing inappropriate, profane, defamatory, infringing, obscene, indecent or unlawful topics, names, material or information, or material or information that violates any written law, any applicable intellectual property, proprietary, privacy or publicity rights.
CPFB reserves the right to disable any unauthorized links or frames and disclaims any responsibility for the contents available on any other website reached by links to or from this Website or any of the Contents.
CPFB reserves the right to amend or change the URL of this Website. Under no circumstances is CPFB obliged to inform or give prior notice to third parties who had hyperlinked to this Website about the amendment or change of this Website's URL.
Persons using the Website's online tools and services to effect payment to or make claims for refunds from CPFB, kindly take note of the following clauses 29 to 38.‚Äã
Receipts‚Äã
Once a payment transaction is completed, you will receive an acknowledgement transaction code‚Äã. You should retain this code as a reference for any subsequent communication with the Board as regards this transaction. The acknowledgement transaction code is not an acknowledgement that payment has been successfully received and processed by the Board.
Receipts will only be issued to you if payment is subsequently received and processed by the Board successfully. If any payment is not cleared by the relevant bank, you would get an unsuccessful message from the relevant bank's website.
For employers and platform operators who have made Direct Debit/GIRO arrangement with the Board, your bank account will not be debited immediately after you submitted your payment advice to the Board online. The Board will send debit instruction to your designated bank to debit your designated bank account for the amount submitted by you and on the date agreed by you.
The time frame within which you must make good the payment depends on the nature of payment, e.g., the due date for CPF contributions is on the last day of the calendar month. You are expected to submit your CPF contributions for your employees and platform workers by the due date. Enforcement action would be taken against employers and platform operators who fail to pay by the 14
th
of the following month (or the next working day if the 14
th
falls on a Saturday, Sunday or Public Holiday). This includes imposing late payment interest charged at 1.5% per month commencing from the first day after the due date.
Other than payment for CPF contributions, you can also make electronic payments for transactions types specified in our Website.
‚Äã‚Äã‚Äã‚Äã
Refunds‚Äã
Contributions paid in excess and refunds of excess contributions are governed by CPF laws. To apply for refund, you must complete the Board's refund application and submit this for the Board's consideration. The Board reserves the right to reject any refund application subject to CPF laws.‚Äã
Once the Board has approved a refund application, the amount to be refunded will be credited back to the bank account stated in the refund application form.
Other excess payments will be refunded by cheques, and depending on the nature of payment, the payor's written request may be required.
‚ÄãRoll‚Äãbacks
If you made online submission a‚Äãnd your submission failed, our system will not send the information to backend for processing. Nevertheless, the Board will apply the following rollback actions:
If the Board has not been credited and waiting for deduction, we will not submit file to the bank for deduction, we will delete deduction;
If file has been submitted to the bank, we will need to retransfer the new file; and
If payment has been credited to the Board, you will need to apply for refund.
‚Äã‚ÄãAdditional Terms
These Terms of Use shall not limit any specific provisions set out in the individual terms and conditions of particular tools and services offered on or through this Website.
Gove‚Äãrning Law
These Terms of Use shall be governed and construed in accordance with laws of the Republic of Singapore.
PayNow Service
These terms and conditions (‚ÄúTerms‚Äù) will apply when you use the PayNow Service for the following transactions (‚ÄúPayNow Transactions‚Äù):
Payments to CPFB (‚ÄúPayNow QR‚Äù):
You can apply to make payments to CPFB (subject to terms and conditions imposed by CPFB), of an amount specified by you or CPFB (‚ÄúPayment Amount‚Äù), from your designated bank account or participating Non-Bank Financial Institutions (NFIs) to CPFB via a unique QR code shared with you by CPFB for the purposes of receiving payments ("PayNow QR Code").
Payments from CPFB:
To individuals (‚ÄúPayNow NRIC‚Äù)
Where you are eligible to withdraw CPF moneys or receive moneys from CPFB, the relevant amounts, as determined by CPFB (‚ÄúPayout Amount‚Äù) will be credited to your bank account linked to your Singapore NRIC, which you have registered under PayNow (‚ÄúPayNow NRIC-Linked Bank Account‚Äù).
To corporate entities, businesses, associations, charities and societies (‚ÄúPayNow Corporate‚Äù)
Where you are eligible to receive moneys from CPFB, the relevant amounts, as determined by CPFB (‚ÄúPayout Amount‚Äù) will be credited to your bank account linked to your UEN Number and/or UEN plus suffix combination, which you have registered under PayNow (‚ÄúPayNow UEN-Linked Bank Account‚Äù).
Your Use of CPFB PayNow Service
The PayNow Service is provided ‚Äúas is‚Äù and ‚Äúas available‚Äù. You understand, acknowledge and agree that:
PayNow is operated by a third party service provider (‚ÄúService Provider‚Äù). Therefore, your access and use of the PayNow Service is subject to the availability of the services by the Service Provider, the participating banks, participating NFIs and CPFB;
Your use of the PayNow Service is subject to terms and conditions imposed by the participating banks and participating NFIs and you agree to comply with such terms and conditions;
As PayNow is operated by the Service Provider and not CPFB, CPFB does not represent or warrant that your use of the PayNow Service and/or the PayNow Transactions will be successful, uninterrupted, complete, timely, secure, or free of any error; and
CPFB reserves the right to determine the type of transactions that can be made using the PayNow Service at our sole discretion.
You agree and acknowledge that all PayNow Transactions are subject to such transfer limits as may be stipulated by the participating banks, participating NFIs or the Service Provider.
You shall not use the PayNow Service (including any PayNow QR Code; PayNow NRIC-Linked Bank Account or PayNow UEN-Linked Bank Account) for any improper purpose or in an improper manner, including but not limited to unauthorised or erroneous transactions or activities or for interfering or attempting to interfere with the proper working of the PayNow Service nor of any system or network connected thereto.
You shall indemnify CPFB and hold CPFB harmless from and against any and all claims, losses, damages, liabilities, costs and expenses (including but not limited to legal costs and expenses on a full indemnity basis), resulting from or arising (directly or indirectly) (hereinafter, ‚ÄúLosses‚Äù) in connection with any fault, act or omission by you (including but not limited to your negligence, misconduct, your abuse or misuse of the PayNow Service or breach of any of these Terms or the terms and conditions imposed by the participating banks and participating NFIs).
You acknowledge that, unless otherwise prohibited by law, CPFB shall not be liable to you or any third party for any Losses in connection with:
any PayNow Transaction being unsuccessful, late, incomplete or erroneous;
any unauthorised access and/or use of your personal computers or other access devices (including without limitation mobile phone, tablets etc.);
any event, the occurrence of which CPFB is not able to control or avoid through reasonable diligence including but not limited to any computer virus, other malicious, destructive or corrupting code and any compromise to information security; and
the delay, interruption, error, modification, suspension, termination or discontinuance of the PayNow Service.
For the avoidance of doubt, the PayNow Transaction shall be considered as unsuccessful, late, incomplete or erroneous if:
For PayNow QR: the Payment Amount is not received by CPFB or transferred to a recipient other than CPFB;
For PayNow NRIC and/or PayNow Corporate: the Payout Amount fails to be credited to your PayNow NRIC-Linked Bank Account and/or PayNow UEN-Linked Bank Account or fails to be credited to such account in a timely manner.
You declare that all information given in your application and/or submission for PayNow Transactions through the PayNow Service is correct and complete to the best of your knowledge. You acknowledge that you are solely responsible for ensuring the completeness and accuracy of all information in your application and/or submission. CPFB will process the PayNow Transactions in accordance with information obtained from you through the PayNow Service at the time of receiving your instructions. CPFB is not obliged to ensure that all information provided by you for any PayNow Transaction remains true and accurate at the time of processing the PayNow Transaction.
PayNow QR
You shall transfer the Payment Amount to CPFB by scanning the PayNow QR Code through your relevant mobile banking application within the time as specified by CPFB. Failing which, CPFB shall treat the application and/or submission as withdrawn after the validity of the PayNow QR Code lapses. You shall be solely responsible for specifying the Payment Amount and ensuring that CPFB is the intended recipient of the Payment Amount prior to transferring the Payment Amount from your designated bank account or participating NFIs.
CPFB may share the PayNow QR Code with you by mail; online or through any other means as may be determined by CPFB from time to time.
With regards to the PayNow QR Code, you agree:
That your use of any PayNow QR Code for the transfer of the Payment Amount to CPFB is at your own risk, and that you shall be solely responsible for verifying the actual receipt of the Payment Amount by CPFB;
You will comply with such directions as CPFB may issue from time to time in connection with any PayNow QR Code, or its use, which may include the replacement or substitution of any PayNow QR Code previously issued or generated; and
That CPFB will not be liable to you or any third party for any Losses in connection with:
Your use of (or inability to use) the PayNow QR Code;
Any errors in any PayNow QR Code;
Any improper or unauthorised use of the PayNow QR Code by you or any other person; and
Your failure to take any precautions to ensure that the Payment Amount is correctly specified and/or CPFB is the intended recipient of the Payment Amount.
You authorise CPFB to disclose your personal data and/or information relating to you and your application and/or submission to the Service Provider, the relevant participating banks, participating NFIS and other third parties (where applicable) for processing, reviewing and administering and any other purposes related to your application and/or submission.
PayNow NRIC and PayNow Corporate
CPFB has the discretion to decide to make payment to you by PayNow NRIC or PayNow Corporate with or without any application by you. If CPFB requires an application to be made by you for the purposes of you receiving moneys by PayNow NRIC or PayNow Corporate, the application shall be in such form and manner as CPFB may require. In such circumstances, by submitting your application, you authorise CPFB to credit the Payout Amount to your PayNow NRIC-Linked Bank Account or PayNow UEN-Linked Bank Account
You understand that the Payout Amount will only be credited to your PayNow NRIC-Linked Bank Account and/or PayNow UEN-Linked Bank Account and not to any other bank account which you may have or participating NFI you use. You are solely responsible for ensuring that your Singapore NRIC or UEN is linked as a proxy to the bank account in which you wish to receive the Payout Amount. You further acknowledge that CPFB will not have any knowledge of the details of your PayNow NRIC-Linked Bank Account and/or PayNow UEN-Linked Bank Account including any subsequent changes to it. Consequently, CPFB shall not be liable to you or any third party for any Losses in connection with any payments made to your PayNow NRIC-Linked Bank Account and/or PayNow UEN-Linked Bank Account.
You authorise CPFB to disclose your personal data and/or information relating to you and your application to the Service Provider, the relevant participating banks and other third parties (where applicable) for the following purposes:
to verify that your Singapore NRIC and/or UEN and/or UEN plus suffix combination is registered as a proxy under PayNow; and
to confirm that the Payout Amount has been successfully credited to your PayNow NRIC-Linked Bank Account and/or PayNow UEN-Linked Bank Account.
You also authorise CPFB to obtain such verification/confirmation for paragraphs 54(a) and (b) above from the participating banks and for the participating banks to provide such verification/confirmation to CPFB.
You acknowledge that in the event the Payout Amount fails to be credited to your PayNow NRIC-Linked Bank Account and/or PayNow UEN-Linked Bank Account, the Payout Amount will be returned to CPFB within CPFB‚Äôs stipulated processing period from the date CPFB is notified of the unsuccessful payment.