CPFB | Withdrawing on reduced life expectancy
Scheduled maintenance:
CPF digital services are unavailable on 7 Jun 2026, from 12am to 8am. We apologise for the inconvenience caused.
Your session is about to time out.
You have been inactive for a while. Would you like to log out or continue?
Log out
Continue
We recommend viewing this page in the CPF Mobile app. Download the app?
Download
Continue with browser
Your page is loading.
One moment please.
Retirement withdrawals
Withdrawing on reduced life expectancy
If you have a reduced life expectancy due to a medical condition, as certified by an accredited doctor, you may apply to withdraw some of your CPF savings. Severe medical conditions that cause you to be permanently unfit for work or to lack mental capacity permanently can also be considered.
Facebook
Telegram
WhatsApp
Email
LinkedIn
X
Notice
Our CPF hotlines are temporarily unavailable due to technical difficulties related to Singtel. We apologise for any inconvenience caused. For urgent assistance, please reach us through our
Text Us
service, and we will respond as soon as we can.
Eligibility
Certification
Things to note
Process
FAQs
Eligibility
Certification
Things to note
Process
FAQs
Eligibility
When you are eligible to withdraw
You may withdraw your CPF savings if you meet any of the following conditions as certified by an accredited doctor.
Reduced life expectancy
Due to illness, your life expectancy has been severely reduced.
false
Permanently unfit for work
You are unfit for any form of employment permanently.
false
Lack mental capacity permanently
You permanently lack the mental capacity to make decisions, as defined in the Mental Capacity Act.
false
Certification
How to get doctor’s certification
Get an accredited doctor (from public hospitals, polyclinics or a specialist) to complete the Medical Assessment Report.
If your doctor is not from public hospitals, polyclinics, or is not a specialist
If the doctor who has certified your medical condition is not from public hospitals, polyclinics, or is not a specialist, we will require an independent assessment from our panel of doctors.
false
Things to note
How much you can withdraw
It depends on the extent of your reduced life expectancy and your CPF balances.
1
Withdrawable amount
You may withdraw $5,000 (excludes monies received by you under the Retirement Sum Topping-Up Scheme and savings in your MediSave Account), or more.
false
2
Monthly payouts
You may have to set aside a reduced retirement sum in your Retirement Account from which you will receive monthly payouts for your living expenses.
false
Process
How to apply for withdrawal
Applying for yourself
Apply for withdrawal
Submit your withdrawal application online. Download the form "Medical Assessment Report" that is provided upon submission of your online application and have it completed by an
accredited doctor
(from public hospitals, polyclinics or a specialist). The medical institution will need to submit the completed form directly to CPF Board within 90 days of application.
https://cpf.gov.sg/member/tools-and-services/forms-e-applications/withdraw-cpf-due-to-reduced-life-expectancy-and-claim-insurance
false
Apply online
Applying as a donee or deputy
Lasting Power of Attorney
If you have been appointed as a donee through a Lasting Power of Attorney to take care of a member’s CPF and other financial matters, you can apply to withdraw the savings on the member’s behalf.
https://www.msf.gov.sg/opg/Pages/The-LPA-The-Lasting-Power-of-Attorney.aspx
false
More information
Court order
If you have been appointed as a deputy via a court order under the Mental Capacity Act, you can apply to withdraw the savings on the member’s behalf.
If a donee or deputy has not been appointed and you are the member’s next-of-kin, you may apply to the court to be appointed as a deputy under the Mental Capacity Act. The court order should include these suggested clauses if you wish to be empowered to manage all of the member’s CPF matters.
/content/dam/web/member/retirement/documents/suggestedclauses.pdf
false
See suggested clauses (PDF, 0.1MB)
Family Justice Court
If you are applying for a Mental Capacity Act Order that is generally restricted to the use of monies of $60,000 and below, you can use the simplified application process provided by the Family Justice Court to be appointed as deputy.
https://www.judiciary.gov.sg/family/deputyship
true
More information
Apply for withdrawal
Submit this
form
with a copy of your NRIC attached and provide the following original documents to us:
Medical report from an
accredited doctor
stating that the member lacks mental capacity permanently;
Lasting Power of Attorney or Court Order; and
Trust bank account statement or passbook.
You can
make an appointment
to visit any of our CPF Service Centres to submit the above original documents or mail the original documents to us at:
CPF Board
Retirement Withdrawals Department
Privy Box No. 920651
Singapore 929292
https://www.cpf.gov.sg/appt/oas/form
false
Make appointment online
FAQs
Common questions
If I have withdrawn under the Reduced Life Expectancy scheme, can I still apply to withdraw a lump sum from age 55 and payout eligibility age for my immediate retirement needs?
Can someone make a withdrawal on a member's behalf when the member loses mental capacity permanently?
View all
https://www.cpf.gov.sg/service/sub-categories?category=P_M_RI
false