CPFB | Boost your retirement by monetising your flat
Scheduled maintenance:
CPF digital services are unavailable on 7 Jun 2026, from 12am to 8am. We apologise for the inconvenience caused.
Your session is about to time out.
You have been inactive for a while. Would you like to log out or continue?
Log out
Continue
We recommend viewing this page in the CPF Mobile app. Download the app?
Download
Continue with browser
Your page is loading.
One moment please.
Boost your retirement by monetising your flat
Learn about the Silver Housing Bonus and Lease Buyback Scheme.
Facebook
Telegram
WhatsApp
Email
LinkedIn
X
24 Jan 2025
SOURCE: CPF Board
In a nutshell:
· You can consider monetising your home to supplement your finances in retirement.
· The Silver Housing Bonus and Lease Buyback scheme are two options that can provide financial incentives based on your housing preferences in retirement.
· Use the
Retirement Payout Planner
to create your personalised retirement plan, ensuring a smooth transition into your golden years.
false
Planning for your retirement? Your flat can serve as an additional source of retirement income, whether you choose to move out or continue living in it. If you are approaching retirement and looking for passive income streams, consider
monetising your home
to supplement your retirement finances.
Monetising your home
The Silver Housing Bonus and Lease Buyback scheme are two options that provide financial incentives and flexibility to seniors for a more comfortable retirement:
Silver Housing Bonus
When your children move out, you might become an ‘empty nester’ and find yourself living in a larger space than you need.
Beyond just adapting to the aspect of emptiness, the bigger space might be more challenging to maintain as you age and could be unsuitable for your changing lifestyle in retirement.
An option is to consider is right-sizing to a smaller and more manageable flat. This way, you can reduce maintenance costs and boost your retirement income with the sales proceeds. You can also receive a cash bonus through the
Silver Housing Bonus (SHB)
.
The amount of the Silver Housing Bonus you can receive depends on factors such as the flat type and the required top-up amount to your CPF Retirement Account (RA).
From 1 December 2025, the SHB will be enhanced to provide a cash bonus of up to $40,000. The cash top-up requirement will also be adjusted such that seniors will qualify for the SHB as long as they commit to a net increase of up to $60,000 in their CPF RA after right-sizing, for their retirement payouts.
This amount can come from their CPF housing refunds, which means that seniors may no longer need to make a cash top-up to qualify for the SHB.
false
Lease Buyback Scheme
If you value staying in your current home and ageing in a familiar environment, the
Lease Buyback Scheme (LBS
) might be a good option.
The LBS allows eligible seniors to sell part of their flat's lease back to the Housing and Development Board (HDB), providing a source of retirement income while you continue living in the home you love.
Under the LBS, you can receive a cash bonus, which is determined by factors such as the remaining lease duration, flat type, and the top-up amount to your CPF RA.
Make a voluntary housing refund
To give your CPF savings an additional boost, consider making a
voluntary CPF housing refund
. This gives you a head start in growing your retirement income through steady CPF interest rates. Making an early refund also
reduces the amount you’ll need to return
when you sell or transfer your property.
Do note that the mandatory amount to refund include both the funds used for the property and the accrued interest you would have earned if left in your CPF account.
This allows you to retire with more, as well as reduce future repayment obligations.
Can I use my OA savings for housing payments after age 55?
Yes, you can reserve your Ordinary Account (OA) savings for housing payments after age 55. To do this, submit a request to the CPF Board before the funds are transferred to your Retirement Account (RA).
This applies even if you own existing properties or plan to buy new properties. You may submit your application anytime within 6 months before your 55th birthday, with at least 5 working days for CPF Board to process your application.
Do note that when you start your CPF LIFE monthly payouts from 65 to 70 years old, your reserved OA savings will be transferred to your RA if you have not set aside your Full Retirement Sum. This transfer increases your RA savings and enhances your monthly payouts.
Find out how to apply to reserve your OA savings for your housing payment.
false
While retirement seems like a time of uncertainty and changes, planning ahead will pave the way for a smoother transition!
A fulfilling retirement rests on key pillars - a steady and lifelong income stream, sufficient funds for healthcare needs, and a fully paid-up home. Besides not having to worry about your housing loan, these two housing schemes give you the flexibility to monetise your flat in your golden years and give an extra boost to your retirement income.
Watch this video to learn what happens to your CPF when you turn 55 and discover the actions you can take.
As a first step, use the
Retirement Payout Planner
. You can create a personalised plan based on your current life circumstances to meet your retirement payout goals.
Start planning today!
Information accurate as of date of publication.
You might also be interested in...
Growing savings
3 ways to get a head start on retirement planning
Here’s how you can get started on growing your savings for retirement!
22 Jan 2025 • 5 minute read
Growing savings
Matched Retirement Savings Scheme (MRSS) – what you need to know
The MRSS enhancements allow more members to save more for their retirement. Here’s all you need to know.
18 Feb 2025 • 5 minute read
Home ownership
HDB for singles – what to consider before buying a home
Learn about the available housing options and the CPF housing grants that make your homeownership journey as a single more affordable.
08 Jan 2025 • 5 minute read
Growing savings
3 ways to get a head start on retirement planning
Here’s how you can get started on growing your savings for retirement!
22 Jan 2025 • 5 minute read
Growing savings
Matched Retirement Savings Scheme (MRSS) – what you need to know
The MRSS enhancements allow more members to save more for their retirement. Here’s all you need to know.
18 Feb 2025 • 5 minute read
Home ownership
HDB for singles – what to consider before buying a home
Learn about the available housing options and the CPF housing grants that make your homeownership journey as a single more affordable.
08 Jan 2025 • 5 minute read
View all