CPFB | Trusted contacts
Scheduled maintenance:
CPF digital services are unavailable on 7 Jun 2026, from 12am to 8am. We apologise for the inconvenience caused.
Your session is about to time out.
You have been inactive for a while. Would you like to log out or continue?
Log out
Continue
We recommend viewing this page in the CPF Mobile app. Download the app?
Download
Continue with browser
Your page is loading.
One moment please.
Account services
Safeguard your CPF account with a Trusted Contact
Need help catching suspicious CPF transactions? Appoint a loved one as a Trusted Contact so that they are notified whenever there's an important CPF account change or transaction.
Facebook
Telegram
WhatsApp
Email
LinkedIn
X
Notice
Our CPF hotlines are temporarily unavailable due to technical difficulties related to Singtel. We apologise for any inconvenience caused. For urgent assistance, please reach us through our
Text Us
service, and we will respond as soon as we can.
Overview
How to add
How to remove
Managing requests
Resources
FAQs
Overview
How to add
How to remove
Managing requests
Resources
FAQs
Let a loved one help keep your CPF account safe
Have a loved one be your second pair of eyes. Allow them to receive a copy of your notifications for key CPF transactions, such as withdrawals and changes to your contact details.
Add Trusted Contact
https://www.cpf.gov.sg/member/tools-and-services/forms-e-applications/add-or-remove-trusted-contact
false
View your existing Trusted Contacts in
Account settings
.
Overview
Give your CPF account an extra layer of security
Do you find keeping track of your online transactions challenging? A Trusted Contact can provide an extra layer of security for your CPF account.
What a Trusted Contact is
A Trusted Contact is a loved one who receives copies of CPF Board's notifications to you: Once added as Trusted Contact, your loved ones can:
Help spot suspicious activities you might miss
Assist in early detection of potential scams or unauthorised activities
false
Only Singapore Citizens and Permanent Residents, aged 21 and above, can be added as Trusted Contacts.
See FAQ for additional eligibility criteria
.
false
What a Trusted Contact can see
If you have a Trusted Contact, they are notified whenever these transactions occur:
CPF lump sum withdrawals for immediate retirement needs
Contact detail update
Bank account update
Daily withdrawal limit update
Your Trusted Contact(s) will receive copies of the same notifications you receive when important transactions are made in your CPF account and are notified through the email and mobile phone number they have registered with the CPF Board. Learn more
here
about the information shared with them.
While your Trusted Contact(s) will receive a copy of your CPF transaction notifications, they cannot be held accountable if they do not alert you to unusual or unexpected activities.
false
Things a Trusted Contact cannot do
Trusted Contacts do not have legal powers, and cannot make decisions on your behalf:
They cannot nominate beneficiaries on your behalf.
They do not have legal authority like a donee under Lasting Power of Attorney or a court-appointed deputy.
You remain responsible for all activities which take place through the use of your Singpass, and for managing your CPF account.
false
How a Trusted Contact arrangement ceases
A Trusted Contact link ceases when:
You remove the Trusted Contact. Trusted Contacts can be removed at any time.
The Trusted Contact removes themselves from your Trusted Contact list.
false
Trusted Contact links remain active even if you lose mental capacity. Please take this in consideration before adding or accepting a Trusted Contact request.
false
How to add
Adding a Trusted Contact
Step 1: Choose a person you trust
Consider whom you can rely on as a Trusted Contact for your CPF transactions.
A good candidate for a Trusted Contact is:
Someone who checks their email and messages regularly
Someone whom you can rely on to inform you when they spot suspicious activity
false
Step 2: Inform them
Ask the person if they're willing to be one of your Trusted Contacts. This ensures they understand their responsibilities, and are willing to take on the role.
false
Step 3: Update contact details
Before you add a Trusted Contact online,
Review your contact details in Account settings. Make sure they are complete and up to date.
Remind your appointee to add or update their contact details on the CPF website. If their contact details are incomplete, you won't be able to add them as a Trusted Contact.
false
Step 4: Add your Trusted Contact online
Proceed to add your Trusted Contact through the CPF website.
Your appointee will receive a notification.
They must accept the request within 7 days.
The appointment becomes official once they accept.
You can add up to 2 persons as Trusted Contacts.
https://www.cpf.gov.sg/member/tools-and-services/forms-e-applications/add-or-remove-trusted-contact
false
Add a Trusted Contact
Withdrawing a Trusted Contact request
As long as your appointee hasn't accepted your request yet, you can withdraw your request. To do this, go to
Activities
and open the Trusted Contact request.
false
How to remove
Removing a Trusted Contact
You can remove a Trusted Contact at any time.
Remove Trusted Contact
Managing requests
If you've been asked to be a Trusted Contact
Accepting and declining requests
If you've been asked to be a Trusted Contact by a loved one, you can accept or decline the request from your Account settings.
https://www.cpf.gov.sg/member/ds/account-settings
false
Accept or decline request (Account settings)
Removing yourself from someone's Trusted Contact list
You can remove yourself from someone's Trusted Contact list if you change your mind about being their Trusted Contact.
https://www.cpf.gov.sg/member/tools-and-services/forms-e-applications/remove-yourself-from-your-appointers-trusted-contact-list
false
Remove yourself as Trusted Contact
View who has added you as a Trusted Contact (Account settings)
Resources
Need more information?
CPF account safeguards
Learn how to spot scams and safeguard your own and your loved ones' CPF savings.
Safeguard your CPF account with a Trusted Contact (English)
View the English version of the Trusted Contact brochure.
(PDF, 2.1MB)
Safeguard your CPF account with a Trusted Contact (Chinese)
View the Chinese version of the Trusted Contact brochure.
(PDF, 2.6MB)
Safeguard your CPF account with a Trusted Contact (Malay)
View the Malay version of the Trusted Contact brochure.
(PDF, 2.2MB)
Safeguard your CPF account with a Trusted Contact (Tamil)
View the Tamil version of the Trusted Contact brochure.
(PDF, 1.8MB)
Show all
FAQs
Common questions
What information does my Trusted Contact see in the notifications copied to them?
What are the Trusted Contact notification service Terms and Conditions?
As a Trusted Contact, what should I do upon receiving notifications regarding transactions on my appointer's CPF account?
View all
https://www.cpf.gov.sg/service/sub-categories?category=P_M_FS
false