CPFB | Platform Workers CPF Transition Support
Scheduled maintenance:
CPF digital services are unavailable on 7 Jun 2026, from 12am to 8am. We apologise for the inconvenience caused.
Your session is about to time out.
You have been inactive for a while. Would you like to log out or continue?
Log out
Continue
We recommend viewing this page in the CPF Mobile app. Download the app?
Download
Continue with browser
Your page is loading.
One moment please.
Growing your savings
Platform Workers CPF Transition Support
From 2025 to 2028, the Platform Workers CPF Transition Support (PCTS) scheme provides monthly cash payments to support lower-income platform workers who make increased CPF Ordinary and Special or Retirement Account contributions.
Facebook
Telegram
WhatsApp
Email
LinkedIn
X
Overview
Eligibility
Payment
Resources
FAQs
Overview
Eligibility
Payment
Resources
FAQs
Overview
About Platform Workers CPF Transition Support
PCTS will be provided from 2025 to 2028 as the
CPF contribution rates for platform workers
are gradually increased to align with employees'.
PCTS will provide monthly cash support to offset part of the year-on-year increase in contribution rates to platform workers’ Ordinary Account (OA) and Special Account (SA) or Retirement Account (RA). Lower-income platform workers who see an increase in their share of OA, SA or RA contributions will automatically qualify for PCTS.
Eligibility
Who is eligible for Platform Workers CPF Transition Support?
Eligibility
You will qualify for PCTS if you meet the following criteria at the point of assessment:
Are a Singapore Citizen only;
Born in 1995 or later; or born before 1995 and opted in to increase your CPF contributions;
Net income from platform work and other employment sources does not exceed $3,000 for the month (Net income refers to gross earnings minus the Fixed Expense Deduction Amount);
and
Have an increase in your share of CPF contributions to the Ordinary and Special or Retirement Accounts as compared to the previous year.
false
PCTS is intended to offset part of the year-on-year increase in a platform worker’s own share of his CPF contributions to his Ordinary and Special or Retirement accounts. Hence, a platform worker will not receive PCTS:
For the months after his 65
th
birthday, as he will not see an increase in his own share of CPF contributions.
In 2025, for the months after his 60
th
birthday, as there is no increase in his own share of CPF contributions in the year. Learn more about
why platform workers above a certain age are not eligible for PCTS
.
For the months where his
net earnings for a platform operator are $500 or less
, as he does not have to make his own share of CPF contributions.
Have not opted in to increase your CPF contributions? Learn more about the
benefits of opting in
.
Application
Assessment is automatic. You do not need to apply for PCTS.
We will automatically assess your eligibility for PCTS based on the net earnings declared by your platform operator when making CPF contributions.
We will credit your PCTS payment to your
PayNow NRIC-linked bank account
. If you have one. Otherwise, it will be credited to the bank account that you have registered to receive Government benefits, or via
GovCash
if you had not registered a bank account with us. Crediting of PCTS will not go through your platform operators.
false
Payment
How much are Platform Workers CPF Transition Support payments?
From 2025 to 2028, PCTS will provide monthly cash support to lower-income platform workers to offset part of the year-on-year increase in the platform worker’s share of CPF contributions.
2025
2026
2027
2028
100% offset of OA, SA or RA increase from previous year
75% offset of OA, SA or RA increase from previous year
50% offset of OA, SA or RA increase from previous year
25% offset of OA, SA or RA increase from previous year
You can use the online PCTS calculator to estimate how much you can receive.
/member/tools-and-services/calculators/platform-workers-cpf-transition-support-calculator.html
false
Go to Platform Workers CPF Transition Support Calculator
To provide an illustrative example:
When and how will Platform Workers CPF Transition Support payments be made?
As an eligible platform worker, you will receive PCTS payment* in cash every month. The table below shows when you will receive the payments.
You will receive the PCTS in your bank account or via GovCash.
*You must still be a Singapore Citizen only when the PCTS payment is credited to you
For work done in
PayNow – NRIC / Bank Crediting
GovCash
Jan
End March
1
st
week of April
Feb
End April
1
st
week of May
Mar
End May
1
st
week  of June
Month X
End of month (X + 2)
1
st
week of the following month (X + 3)
If you have registered your contact details with CPF Board, you will receive a notification via SMS or email once the PCTS payment has been credited.
You can update your contact details via account settings
and also check your bank statement for the payment.
To receive your PCTS payments promptly, you can link your NRIC to PayNow with participating banks.
See FAQ on PayNow NRIC-linked bank account.
Otherwise, your PCTS will be credited to the bank account registered to receive Government benefits. You may use the link below to provide or update your bank account details. If you do not have a registered or PayNow NRIC-linked bank account, you will receive PCTS via GovCash later in the 1st week of the following month, as opposed to using PayNow-NRIC or Bank Crediting.
Go to Govbenefits Portal
Resources
Need more information?
Platform Workers CPF Transition Support Calculator
Click here to estimate how much PCTS you can receive.
Saving as a platform worker with CPF contributions
Find out more about CPF contributions for platform worker.
Opt in to increase CPF contributions
If you are a platform worker born before 1 January 1995, you can opt in to increase your CPF contributions, and enhance your housing and retirement adequacy.
Show all
FAQs
Common questions
How do I qualify for Platform Workers CPF Transition Support (PCTS)?
Do I need to apply for Platform Workers CPF Transition Support (PCTS)?
How much can I expect to receive with the Platform Workers CPF Transition Support (PCTS) scheme?
View all
https://www.cpf.gov.sg/service/sub-categories?category=P_M_GYS
false