IRAS | Information for Buyers of HDB Flats
Things buyers should check or do before and after purchasing a HDB flat.
On this page:
1. Before the Transfer of Property
Your HDB officer or lawyer usually performs the following tasks as part of conveyancing or the legal process of transferring ownership of property. Please check with your lawyer or HDB officer to find out more about the status of the tasks.
A) Check on outstanding property tax
Once the property is transferred to you, you will be liable for any outstanding property tax including arrears that should have been paid by the previous owner. Thus, it is important for your HDB officer or lawyer to check with IRAS on any outstanding property tax.
For newly constructed HDB flats, IRAS will bill you for the property tax that starts from the date you take possession of the flat.
B) Apportion property tax between you and the seller
If there is an outstanding tax amount, your HDB officer or lawyer will assist you to settle the outstanding amount with the seller. Your HDB officer or lawyer will also apportion the current year tax between the seller and yourself. IRAS does not apportion property tax liabilities between the parties.
C) Notify Change of Ownership
HDB will notify IRAS of the transfer of the HDB flat. You need not notify IRAS. IRAS will update the ownership record for property tax purpose based on the information given.
For correspondence and payment, IRAS communicates with the owner who is the main applicant listed in the purchase of the flat. If there is a preference among owners on who IRAS should correspond with, please ensure that you are registered as the main applicant.
2. After the Transfer of Property
Once HDB has notified IRAS of the transfer, the record of ownership will be updated for property tax purposes.
A) Update your address
IRAS sends the property tax bill or notice to the address listed on your identity card. To receive all your correspondence promptly, please ensure that your address is updated. Please see
change mailing address
if you need to update your address.
B) Automatic Application of Owner-Occupier Tax Rates
Owners who live in their homes enjoy lower property tax rates. You do not need to apply for the owner-occupier tax rates as it will be automatically applied.  For more details, please refer to
Lower Property Tax Rates for Owner Occupied Residential Properties
.
C) Calculate your Property Tax
To calculate the annual property tax payable, multiply the
Annual Value (AV)
of
the property with the set of
Property Tax Rates
that applies to you.
You can use this
calculator
to calculate your
tax payable.
D) Arrange to pay your Property Tax
When there is more than 1 owner, all the owners are collectively responsible for paying property tax.
You are encouraged to pay your property tax by
GIRO
to enjoy up to 12 interest-free monthly
instalments.
Alternatively, you can opt for one-time GIRO deductions or use any of the
modes of payment
available
to pay your property tax.
3. Other Taxes Relating to Property
A) Stamp Duty
When you buy any property, you need to pay
Stamp Duty
within
14 days of the date of Contract/Agreement. HDB has been authorised by IRAS to collect stamp duty on its behalf.
B) Income Tax from Rental
Rent received from fully or partially renting out your flat is subject to income tax. Find out more on
Income from property rented out
.
FAQs
How do I inform IRAS after I have purchased a property?
HDB will inform IRAS on the change of ownership, thus you do not have to inform IRAS separately.
I have bought a new DBSS flat and my date of tax liability is 5 Nov. Why has IRAS taxed me from date of Temporary Occupation Permit (TOP) i.e. 8 Aug?
Newly completed properties are taxed from the TOP date. Under the law, property tax is a charge on the property. Hence, the current owners need to pay any outstanding tax including any amount payable prior to the date of transfer of the property. This means that although you only took possession of the property on 5 Nov (date of tax liability), you are liable for the property tax for the period with effect from 8 Aug, the date of TOP.
Buyers can claim the reimbursement of the property tax from the Building Service Centre (BSC) set up at site. Hence, please liaise with the developer for the reimbursement of tax (i.e. 8 Aug to 4 Nov) from the developer, if this has not been done.
I only took the keys of the property from the developer on 3 Dec. Why is IRAS taxing me from 15 Nov when I have not collected the keys back then?
HDB will notify IRAS on the date of your tax liability.
If the information is incorrect, please inform your HDB officer or lawyer to correct the information submitted to IRAS.
I have bought a resale HDB flat and the sales completion date is on 10 May. Do I still need to pay property tax for the whole year and what are the tax rates applied on my flat?
After buying your resale HDB flat, you (the buyer) may need to reimburse a portion of property tax already fully paid for the year by the seller. The apportionment of property tax liabilities is a private arrangement between the seller and buyer. Your lawyer or HDB officers (for HDB flats) would usually assist you in apportioning the tax amount to be paid to the seller.
Owners who live in their homes enjoy lower property tax rates. As a new owner, if you are residing in the property since the date of your ownership of the property, please check that the lower owner-occupier tax rates have been applied. If it has not been granted from the date of your ownership of the property, you may apply for the concessionary owner-occupier tax rates via
myTaxPortal
. If you have reimbursed the seller for the proportion of property tax paid at the non-owner-occupier tax rates, you will receive a notification from IRAS on the applicable refund due to the difference in tax rates (as you will be enjoying the lower owner-occupier tax rates from date of your ownership of the property).
Pages
Change Mailing Address
Pages
Property Tax Rates
Pages
Annual Value
Pages
How to Pay
Pages
Buying or Acquiring Property-Holding Entities