IRAS | Information for Buyers of Vacant Land or Development Sites
Things buyers should check or do before and after purchasing vacant land or development sites.
On this page:
1. Before the Transfer of Property
Your lawyer usually performs the following tasks as part of conveyancing or the legal process of transferring ownership of property. Please check with your lawyer to find out more about the status of the tasks.
A) Make a legal requisition on the property
Once the property is transferred to you, you will be liable for any outstanding property tax including arrears that should have been paid by the previous owner. Thus, it is important for your lawyer to make a
legal requisition
to check on any outstanding property tax.
B) Apportion property tax between you and the seller
If there is an outstanding tax amount, your HDB officer or lawyer will assist you to settle the outstanding amount with the seller. Your HDB officer or lawyer will also apportion the current year tax between the seller and yourself. IRAS does not
apportion property tax liabilities between the parties.
C) File a Notice of Transfer to IRAS
The seller's lawyer will file a
Notice of Transfer
to IRAS
within 1 month of the sale or property transfer
.
For correspondence and payment, IRAS communicates with the owner who is
listed first in the Notice of Transfer
filed by the seller's lawyer. If there is a preference among owners on who IRAS should correspond with, please
inform your lawyer. Your lawyer will then liaise with the seller's lawyer to ensure the Notice of Transfer is filed correctly.
2. After the Transfer of Property
Once the Notice of Transfer has been processed by IRAS, the record of ownership will be updated for property tax purposes.
A) Update your address
IRAS sends the property tax bill or notice to:
The address listed on your identity card; or
The corporate owner's registered office address listed in the Accounting and Corporate Regulatory Authority (ACRA) records.
To receive all your correspondence promptly, please ensure that your address is updated. Please see
change mailing address
if you need to update your address.
B) Receive Acknowledgement Notice on Transfer of Property
IRAS will issue an Acknowledgement Notice to inform you about the updated record of ownership.
If there is any outstanding tax for your property, please arrange for payment to be made.
C) Calculate your Property Tax
Property tax is calculated by multiplying the
Annual Value (AV)
of your land with
the prevailing
property tax rate
.
The AV is assessed at 5% of the estimated freehold land value. The current tax rate is 10%. You can use this
calculator
to calculate your tax payable.
For land purchased in an en bloc sale, please refer to the e-Tax guide on
Property Tax Treatment of En Bloc Sales Sites
(PDF,
83KB).
D) Arrange to pay your Property Tax
When there is more than 1 owner, all the owners are collectively responsible for paying property tax.
Payment of property tax must be made
within 1 month from the date of Acknowledgement Notice.
You are encouraged to pay your property tax by
GIRO
as you will enjoy up to 12 interest-free monthly installments.
Alternatively, you can use any of the
modes of payment
available
to pay your property tax.
E) File Property Tax Claims
You can apply for
Property Tax Remission for Building a Residential Landed Property in Singapore
if you satisfy the conditions.
3. Other Taxes Relating to Property
A) Stamp Duty
When you buy any land, you need to pay
Stamp Duty
within 14 days of the date of Contract/Agreement. In most instances, your lawyer acting for you in the property purchase will arrange for payment of Stamp Duty.
B) Income Tax from Rental
If you partially or fully rent out your property, your rental income is subject to income tax. Find out more on
Income from property rented out
. More information for
corporate owners
.
FAQs
How do I inform IRAS after I have purchased a property?
Generally, the seller or transferor's lawyer will file a Notice of Transfer to IRAS
within 1 month of the sale or property transfer
.
If the ownership records have not been updated, please check with your lawyer if the notice of transfer has been filed
to IRAS.
Useful Links
Property Tax Calculator
Pages
Property Tax Rates
Pages
Annual Value
Pages
How to Pay
Pages
Taxable & Non-Taxable Income
Pages
Buying or Acquiring Property