View Statement of Account or View Bills and Notices
Obtain your statement of account, bill or valuation notice by logging in to mytax.iras.gov.sg.
On this page:
Statement of Account (SOA)
You can view and print your Statement of Account (SOA) online by following the steps:
Log in to
myTax.iras.gov.sg
with your
Singpass
.
Select 'Account'.
Select
'View Account Summary'
.
To view your tax account details, click on 'View Details'.
Scroll to Statement of Account, click on 'Download'.
For more details, please refer to the
User Guide on View Account Summary
.
Bills and Notices
To view your Bills and Notices for the current and past 4 years, you can use our
"View Property Tax Notices"
digital service.
Only the owner of the property is able to view bills and notices relating to the property. If you are no longer the property owner, you will not be able to view any bills or notices relating to the property.
Taxpayer & Business Service Centre at Revenue House
If you are not using my TaxPortal, you can request a copy of your tax bill or Statement of Account. Search fees and document fees may apply.
Visit us
at the Taxpayer & Business Service Centre at Revenue House or ask a representative
to get the documents on your behalf.
If you send a representative, he/ she needs to bring the following:
An authorisation letter from you that includes your full name, NRIC number and signature, your representative's full name and NRIC number, and a description of the documents needed;
Your original NRIC; and
Your representative's original NRIC.
Table of Fees
Document Search
Search Fee
For documents that are not microfilmed
$20.00 per document
Fee for Each Page of Document
Document Search
Search Fee
Per certified copy
$3.00
Per uncertified copy
$0.30
Payment must be made by Nets or Cashcard.
Alternatively, you can
email us
with your request. Once IRAS replies you on the amount of search fees payable, please proceed with your payment via Internet Banking Fund Transfer. IRAS’ bank account details are as follows:
Payee: Commissioner of Inland Revenue
Account Type: DBS Current Account
Account No.: 0010468669
DBS Swift Code: DBSSSGSG
Please indicate your
Tax Reference Number/Property Tax Reference Number and the word ‘BillReq’
(e.g., S1234567A BillReq / 202012345A BillReq / 1234567A BillReq)
under the “Beneficiary Reference/Purpose of Payment/ Remittance information/ Payment Details” field to avoid delay in the processing of
the payment.
Once IRAS receives your payment, we will release the documents via email or post to you.
Useful Links
View Account Summary
Useful Links
View Property Tax Notices
Useful Links
Singpass